Add use case and rationale for AU-sronly class (#525)
govau/design-system-site: content/components/core/code/scss-functions.md

### AU-sronly

> Hide an element from the screen but not a screen reader. This mixin should be used to provide additional information or context to a webpage or form that screenreader users would otherwise miss out on. Using this mixin the additional information will be picked up by a screenreader but will not be displayed in the browser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hide an element from the screen but not a screen reader. This mixin should be used to provide additional information or context to a webpage or form that the screen reader users would otherwise miss out on. With this mixin, the additional information will be picked up by a screen reader but will _not_ be displayed in the browser. 
```

> An example of a use case for this class would be, providing more context to a 'read more' link on a webpage. Using this class, additional information about what the 'read more' link relates to could be hidden from the browser, but still picked up by a screenreader. This would provide a screenreader user with the required context to understand what information is being provided.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a use case for this class could be to provide more context to a `read more` link on a webpage.

Using this class, additional information about what the `read more` link relates to could be hidden from the browser, but will still be picked up by a screen reader. This would provide a screen reader user with the required context to understand what information is being provided.
```
